# dissertation-A-LARGE-INCIDENT-MANAGEMENT-SYSTEM-FOR-SMART-CITY-
As reported in the latest Hong Kong government plans, there is a pressing need for Hong Kong to be an intelligent city. Towards this goal, this project aims to design incident management algorithms and system for Hong Kong. The main purpose of this system is to automatically detect any emergency incident that happens on the roads (e.g., car accidents, broken water pipes, other events such as football matches and protests blocking roads, alerting drivers and providing alternative routing suggestions to them. To develop this system, we need to learn algorithms for managing Big Traffic Data streams (e.g., GPS data, road networks of Hong Kong). These data could be valuable to mine and predict detecting outliners that do not confirm to existing traffic patterns. The solutions need to be online and scalable, so that suggestions could be deduced in a short time (e.g., a driver on a road needs instant suggestions) based on analyzing a vast amount of Big Traffic Data. A good user interface will also be needed for the system administrator and casual users (e.g., a web interface or a mobile app). Due to the complexity of the system, we will start with the development a simulation system prototype based on real datasets in Hong Kong. We will also consider to use GPS data obtained from mobile phones. This is a joint work with with transportation experts in HKU civil engineering, who will provide valuable advice on the design and implementation of the system. We have already got some preliminary results, and we need strong students like you to further develop them.
